going starting now hello good afternoon hello good afternoon
would you please tell us who you are and I'm Gandhi my full name is Gandhi moina
and I was a GP I just retired recently that's lovely and now dr. Nath tell me
when did you come to this country I came to this country in 1973 23rd of June I
remember exactly we're back now now tell me when did you first come to Cardiff
on this area 1981 10th of June excellent and you know where I'm heading I'm
heading to the poojas now which was your first pooja in Cardiff in 1981
I moved to Cardiff and then obviously I met a lot of people here mainly in the
Bengali community then we went to see the pooja and it was held in Rubaina
church hall and and it was well attended by the community from the Cardiff
excellent so that was 1981 Rubaina church hall excellent and was that a
proper five days pooja yes it was a since 1981 let me put this in different
brackets now tell me what you have experienced through 1981 and 1985 right
1981 when they came there used to be two poojas yeah two groups of Hindu
community they are doing two poojas and 1981 was the time when it when I attended
that pooja it was discussed to become together okay and it was very seriously
discussed in the sort of like a committee level and it became together
in 1982 okay and the name was given Wales Pooja committee and the Wales
Pooja committee was a was recognized in 1982 lovely and was it in 1982 that it
became a registered charity or was it a few years after 1982 okay lovely now
dr. Nath another thing since you have been involved with the poojas since 1981
what has your role been over the years have you been involved actively with the
Pooja committee have been doing various chores with the Pooja committee yes
gradually I was sucked into the Wales Pooja committee and started becoming an
active member and doing lots of things like you know kind of like as that as
any other committee as well as we were involved in small little jobs like
cooking and you know the arrangement of the stage and decorations and managing
other things I as I understand you were also part of the management you had you
held certain roles in the community like being the chairperson and being a
secretary yes I was chairperson I did the job of secretary he was treasurer
and what else he was I was an active member in a way so that means there was
there has to be a form of election to get a result yes yes we always every
year we used to have an election and with the proper way as we do for the
and people the members who had selected for the executive committee okay and
they were elected and they used to do their job when was the first big change
that you noticed in which sense you know the overall function in the pooja
creating Durga you know participating in a big way almost nationally I think we
were known nationally when we started making our first Durga project or Durga
image with two artists from India came and then it was known to quite a lot of
people and the committees all over UK were there other things you did to put
forward or present WPC into the image of the normal people of Cardiff or
South Wales yes I think we participated in in London but in a function which was
organized by the Alan the wager and we had a sort of a like a couple of items
performed by the Wales committee members all right that's interesting but I thought
I've heard that you people participated in in functions to involve the people of
Wales like certain oh yes yes we did three mailers since the 1990s Dr. Nath
what is a mailer mailer is a sort of a like a we arrange it for a day it's for the
general public job we with all the Indian culture is shown and the food and dance
and dramas and all the shops and and people are all invited and it was a
free entrance and people came in they enjoyed the food they enjoyed the
cultural functions and it was a very successful lovely do you think the
profile of Westwood a committee has grown over the years yes yes it has do
you have a permanent place where you do your functions we haven't got a
permanent place of our own what you can I interrupt here listen dr. Nath why
since this function this this committee has been growing over the years since
19 the early 80s why haven't you got a place of your own it's very difficult to
answer that because it involves funding it needs more manpower and mainly the
funding was the reason for that yes and if we get funding in future probably
have our own place would you think you may be able to sustain a place of your
own yes we can okay we are capable people lovely good thank you very much
Dr. Nath thank you